I hate when these dates arrive
mainly because the nuts start
to make specials that have nothing of
grace and as always someone should
make a difference but that someone does not
I will be yo little brother, do not be so
pessimistic that halloween is a date
that everyone likes but not me or not
Halloween is a created date
kill people in cold blood and not leave
no one I live this girl I like
and I think we've already gone on topic
let's admit it halloween is a date where
the family gathers at a large table with
a cute little tree and receive gifts from
a fat man with a beard and red clothes and
I thought that idiocy was not so
serious
like shit they all got into my house
with speeches is shameless and difficult
hello I'm sorry for the inconvenience but it was
necessary to put this poster here what
I'm sorry but it's supposed to be in this
scene I was coming out saving the world but
hear, you can not get me out of the scene
I am mario m
you will be a whole sexual machine lose
that I squeal that proves that the
transformation was a success to ask
good candy I do not like sweets
but to ask for money
Now tell me if I 'm not super sensual
or
to mom
and my disguise is so sexy that everyone
will excite or want sex sex or
and there are the girls I will show you that
I decided to go out on Halloween and they
they will think of my sensual disguise not so
fast it 's cute I'm not boludo and it's
but I'm with this Colombian voice so
sensual because it's halloween and you stay
arrested but because you steal my
shit identity
what a horrible dream I dreamed I had
just an avatar you have to be in
arrested for being plagiarized by hitachi and
it was also good politician was just a
I dream again with more avatars
what to use
good today we learned many things
priceless as the halloween is
shit and that plagiarism is bad and the
moral of all this is the bald one of
Brazzers does not exist
late
this video is retro and deserves a thousand
thumbs up to clover udo